Add links for DXF (#17522)
pingcap/docs: tidb-distributed-execution-framework.md

>
> This feature is not available on [TiDB Serverless](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/select-cluster-tier#tidb-serverless) clusters.

TiDB adopts a computing-storage separation architecture with excellent scalability and elasticity. Starting from v7.1.0, TiDB introduces a **Distributed eXecution Framework (DXF)** to further leverage the resource advantages of the distributed architecture. The goal of the DXF is to implement unified scheduling and distributed execution of tasks, and to provide unified resource management capabilities for both overall and individual tasks, which better meets users' expectations for resource usage.

This document describes the use cases, limitations, usage, and implementation principles of the DXF.

## Use cases

> In a database management system, in addition to the core transactional processing (TP) and analytical processing (AP) workloads, there are other important tasks, such as DDL operations, [`IMPORT INTO`], [TTL](/time-to-live.md), [Analyze](/sql-statements/sql-statement-analyze-table.md), and Backup/Restore. These tasks need to process a large amount of data in database objects (tables), so they typically have the following characteristics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a database management system, in addition to the core transactional processing (TP) and analytical processing (AP) workloads, there are other important tasks, such as DDL operations, [`IMPORT INTO`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md), [TTL](/time-to-live.md), [`ANALYZE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-analyze-table.md), and Backup/Restore. These tasks need to process a large amount of data in database objects (tables), so they typically have the following characteristics:
```

- The DXF supports distributed execution of tasks, which can flexibly schedule the available computing resources of the entire TiDB cluster, thereby better utilizing the computing resources in a TiDB cluster.
- The DXF provides unified resource usage and management capabilities for both overall and individual tasks.

Currently, the DXF supports the distributed execution of the [`ADD INDEX`] and [`IMPORT INTO`] statements.

- [`ADD INDEX`] is a DDL statement used to create indexes. For example:

    ```sql
    ALTER TABLE t1 ADD INDEX idx1(c1);
    CREATE INDEX idx1 ON table t1(c1);
    ```

> - [`IMPORT INTO`] is used to import data in formats such as CSV, SQL, and Parquet into an empty table. For more information, see [`IMPORT INTO`].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`IMPORT INTO`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md) is used to import data in formats such as CSV, SQL, and Parquet into an empty table.
```

## Limitation

The DXF can only schedule up to 16 tasks (including [`ADD INDEX`] tasks and [`IMPORT INTO`] tasks) simultaneously. 

## `ADD INDEX` limitation

> - For each cluster, only one [`ADD INDEX`] task is allowed for distributed execution at a time. If a new [`ADD INDEX`] task is submitted before the current [`ADD INDEX`] distributed task has finished, the new [`ADD INDEX`] task is executed through a transaction instead of being scheduled by DXF.

Reviewer 2: Since 8.1, multiple add index jobs can be run in parallel by DXF @hfxsd

Author: Maybe we can update this line after merging this PR and then only apply it to v8.1 and master? Or should we change it here and then make sure to not apply this to release-8.0?

Reviewer: Fixed here https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/17637/files PTAL @Frank945946 @dveeden

- For versions from v7.4.0 to v8.0.0, the optional values of [`tidb_service_scope`] are `''` or `background`. If the current cluster has TiDB nodes with `tidb_service_scope = 'background'`, the DXF schedules tasks to these nodes for execution. If the current cluster does not have TiDB nodes with `tidb_service_scope = 'background'`, whether due to faults or normal scaling in, the DXF schedules tasks to nodes with `tidb_service_scope = ''` for execution.

- Starting from v8.1.0, you can set [`tidb_service_scope`] to any valid value. When a distributed task is submitted, the task binds to the [`tidb_service_scope`] value of the currently connected TiDB node, and the DXF only schedules the task to the TiDB nodes with the same [`tidb_service_scope`] value for execution. However, for configuration compatibility with earlier versions, if a distributed task is submitted on a node with `tidb_service_scope = ''` and the current cluster has TiDB nodes with `tidb_service_scope = 'background'`, the DXF schedules the task to TiDB nodes with `tidb_service_scope = 'background'` for execution.

> If new nodes are added during task execution, the DXF determines whether to schedule tasks to the new nodes for execution based on the preceding rules. If you do not want newly added nodes to execute tasks, it is recommended to set [`tidb_service_scope`] for these nodes in advance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting from v8.1.0, if new nodes are added during task execution, the DXF determines whether to schedule tasks to the new nodes for execution based on the preceding rules. If you do not want newly added nodes to execute tasks, it is recommended to set [`tidb_service_scope`] for those nodes that are not newly added in advance.
```

Reviewer 2: @D3Hunter PTAL

- Starting from v8.1.0, you can set [`tidb_service_scope`](/system-variables.md#tidb_service_scope-new-in-v740) to any valid value. When a distributed task is submitted, the task binds to the [`tidb_service_scope`](/system-variables.md#tidb_service_scope-new-in-v740) value of the currently connected TiDB node, and the DXF only schedules the task to the TiDB nodes with the same [`tidb_service_scope`](/system-variables.md#tidb_service_scope-new-in-v740) value for execution. However, for configuration compatibility with earlier versions, if a distributed task is submitted on a node with `tidb_service_scope = ''` and the current cluster has TiDB nodes with `tidb_service_scope = 'background'`, the DXF schedules the task to TiDB nodes with `tidb_service_scope = 'background'` for execution.

> Starting from v8.1.0, if new nodes are added during task execution, the DXF determines whether to schedule tasks to the new nodes for execution based on the preceding rules. If you do not want newly added nodes to execute tasks, it is recommended to set [`tidb_service_scope`](/system-variables.md#tidb_service_scope-new-in-v740) for those nodes that are not newly added in advance.

Reviewer 3: @3pointer PTAL
